I want you to complete the Android APK build for this project using EAS Build.

IMPORTANT:
Do the entire process yourself from the Replit terminal. Do not just tell me the commands.

1. Inspect the current Expo/EAS project configuration.

2. Verify:
- package.json
- package-lock.json
- eas.json
- app.json / app.config.*
- Android package name
- Expo SDK version
- React Native version
- installed dependencies

3. The previous EAS build failed because EAS tried to use pnpm and reported:

ERR_PNPM_NO_LOCKFILE
Cannot install with "frozen-lockfile" because pnpm-lock.yaml is absent.

The project uses npm.

Fix the project so EAS uses npm consistently.
Do NOT migrate the project to pnpm.
Do NOT create a fake pnpm-lock.yaml.
Do NOT delete package-lock.json.

4. If package.json contains a packageManager setting forcing pnpm, remove or correct it.

5. Make sure package-lock.json is synchronized with package.json.

Run:

npm install

and verify that dependency installation succeeds.

6. Verify eas.json.

I need an INSTALLABLE ANDROID APK, not an AAB.

The preview profile must use:

"distribution": "internal"

and:

"android": {
  "buildType": "apk"
}

If the current preview profile does not produce APK, fix it.

7. Do NOT change application functionality.
Do NOT redesign the application.
Do NOT remove required dependencies.
Do NOT make unrelated code changes.

8. Before starting the build, run the appropriate Expo/EAS configuration checks and fix only errors that would prevent the Android build.

9. Make sure the Android application ID/package name is valid and already configured.
Do not randomly change the package name if one is already configured.

10. Make sure Android signing/keystore configuration is valid.
If an EAS-managed Android keystore already exists, reuse it.
Do NOT unnecessarily generate another keystore.

11. After all checks pass, START THE EAS ANDROID APK BUILD YOURSELF.

Use:

eas build --platform android --profile preview

If the installed EAS CLI is outdated, update it safely before building.

12. Monitor the build until EAS returns the final build result.

If the build fails:
- Open/read the EAS build logs.
- Identify the actual error.
- Fix the underlying problem.
- Retry the build.
- Do not simply report "build failed".

You may retry after fixing genuine build errors.

13. IMPORTANT:
Do not stop after configuring EAS.
Do not stop after uploading the project.
The task is not complete until the EAS build has successfully produced an APK.

14. When the build succeeds, provide me:

- Build status
- APK download URL
- EAS build ID
- Android package name
- Build profile used
- Final APK build result
- Any files you changed
- Any important warnings

The final result must be a successfully generated .apk that I can download and install on an Android phone.